---
author: turpelurpeluren
pubDatetime: 2024-09-23T13:29:00+01:00
title: now
postSlug: now-2024-09-23
featured: false
project: false
microblog: false
image: false
draft: false
tags:
  - now
description: now
share: "true"
---
In the spirit of [NowNowNow](https://nownownow.com/) here is a little of what I'm up to right /now!

#### Life

After a summer of fiercely developing [Bar total](/posts/bar-total) and [Ung i Världen](/posts/ung-i-världen), I am back in Umeå for my university studies in Computing Science. I am currently taking courses in fundamental logic and C programming in a Unix environment. In addition to studying I'm working 28% as amanuensis, assisting and mentoring a course in introductory C programming.

We have adopted Fio, a lion headed rabbit, from my girlfriends family (who had accidental babies a while back). He is really cute but a bit dismissive of his potty training and has already been to the vet for eating avocado (very toxic to rabbits, tho he was fine). 

#### Projects

My personal projects, including this blog, are somewhat hibernating as of now, but some of my excess energy still goes into writing for Bar Total (in Swedish).

Last weekend I also held my first Dj set b2b with a friend at the student reception for the architectural programme. We performed dnb as 'the Kidneys': one of us is enough, but you do not want to loose both... I might put out my set list here if I have the time.

A new sticker is under way and Bar Total stickers are already here!

As always, I am still taking [a picture of my face every day](/posts/potd-webplayer), though I am a year behind on stabilising the pictures... so should really get on that.

#### Currently reading

I haven't really read that much as of late sadly.

My girlfriend and I have discussed starting to read some actual philosophy books, although we are not really sure were to start. Please [send me](mailto:admin@turpelurpeluren.online) a tip if you know a good entry point. Otherwise it is a possibility the urge will die before we actually start reading.
