---
author: turpelurpeluren
pubDatetime: 2025-12-07T17:51:00+01:00
title: now
postSlug: now-2025-12-07
featured: false
project: false
microblog: false
image: false
draft: false
tags:
  - now
description: now
share: "true"
---
In the spirit of [NowNowNow](https://nownownow.com/) here is a little of what I'm up to right /now!
#### Life
Me and my girlfriend moved to an apartment in the city center of Umeå. It's our first first-hand contract and we finally got furniture of our own. The sofa is built from two EPAL-pallets and cushions we bought from a pizzeria. It's turned out pretty cozy!

I finally acquired my driver's licence! (and haven't used it for three months already 😬)
#### Studies
Recently, most of my time has been dedicated to my studies. I've taken embedded systems, performance programming, scientific computing and computer networks, among other courses.

My plan is to continue in the distributed systems directions, but after [attending a competitive programming competition](/posts/nwerc25), I'm starting to think about going more algorithmic. `¯\_(ツ)_/¯` Perhaps distributed algos is the way.
#### Projects
[Goblin stickers](/posts/gobsheet) are coming in hordes!

Recently, I acquired a refurbished Lenovo ThinkPad T14 Gen 2 from 2021. It’s currently running debian13 with niri / Dank Material Shell and the top is already invaded by the goblin army.
#### Reading/watching
I just finished *The King in Yellow* by Robert W. Chambers the magical zine [Fiddler's Green](https://www.fiddlersgreenzine.com/) no 9, and am looking to get into more of the weird/fantasy lit. I've always loved LOTR, but haven't read much of the more recent works in the genre. Currently looking at Brandon Sanderson's *Mistborn*, Terry Pratchett's *Guards! Guards!* or Andrzej Sapkowski's *Witcher* series as possible entry points.

We also got the [Cineville](https://www.cinevillebio.se/en-GB) card, meaning we can watch unlimited movies at the local independent cinema, only a few minutes away by foot! Thus far we've seen the new Frankenstein by del Toro, Lanthimos' Bugonia and the hysterical Egghead Republic. 